feat(mender-gateway): add information about standard proxy environment variables support (#2805)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 10.Server-integration/04.Mender-Gateway/99.Configuration-file/docs.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</dl>

### Point Mender Gateway to a proxy

!!! <!--AUTOVERSION: "version <code>%</code>"/ignore-->
!!! Available from Mender Gateway version <code>2.1.0</code>

**Please note** This is a not required for the normal operation of Mender Gateway and is only used for specific use cases.

These configurations are available as environmental variables only.

<dl>
<dt><code>HTTP_PROXY</code></dt>
<dd>URL of the proxy server for HTTP connections. Supports authentication using the <code>user:password@host</code> URL format.</dd>

<dt><code>HTTPS_PROXY</code></dt>
<dd>URL of the proxy server for HTTPS connections. Supports authentication using the <code>user:password@host</code> URL format.</dd>

<dt><code>NO_PROXY</code></dt>
<dd>Space-separated list of hosts or domain suffixes that should bypass the proxy. Items can be domain suffixes/wildcards, for example <code>.example.com</code> to bypass the proxy for all <code>*.example.com</code> URLs.</dd>
</dl>
```

Starting from Mender Gateway version <code>1.3.0</code>, configurations can be overwritten using environment variables.
In the description below, the environment variable names are provided in the parenthesis.

<!--AUTOVERSION: "version <code>%</code>"/ignore-->

> Starting from Mender Gateway version <code>2.1.0</code>, it uses HTTP proxies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from Mender Gateway version <code>2.1.0</code>, it respects an optional server side HTTP proxy
```

Reviewer 3: "server side" - isn't it a proxy client?

Reviewer 2: @estenberg the key point is, the gateway is connection to a Mender Server, hence its "server side", and that's what the change is for.

> as directed by the environment variables HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY and NO_PROXY

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as provided through the HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY and NO_PROXY environment variables.
```

(or the lowercase versions thereof).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
